[Music]
Okay, well, we have Evita
Dinamita, and look at how
the lie is, eh, about Evita
Dinamita.  It turns out that the other day
when he was fighting with Sor he started
saying that he had already fixed things
with Evita Dinamita.  Evitaram imitated
someone who was really fighting for him
on social media, eh, Evita really got into me
for defending him and she was really
fighting for him on social media and all that stuff
.  Okay, well, it turns out it
's a lie that Evita the dwarf doesn't want to
know anything about him.  Look what Evita said
about Sor.  Okay.  Be careful with
your words when you are angry,
because once you say them there is no going back
.  A child hurts a lot and when you
lose him it hurts even more.  This is not defensible.
I speak as a mother.  This is falling very low.
You could have defended yourself in other
ways.  In a court of law, for example,
intelligence is not measured by the number of
words you can pronounce, but by the number of
words you don't say so as not to cause harm.   You
must learn that the best defense is not
an attack, much less one of those
characteristics.  I do believe in
divine justice, so be careful
what you wish for.  It can come back to
haunt you.  And this is already messing with him
about censorship, right?  I mean,
man, you've got Dynamite Evita against you
.  A kiss, Tesa.  Thanks,
love.  Hey, 39 super chat, we're almost
50. Already with courage, already with courage,
man.  I didn't send the dynamite escape
.  Okay, here you can't say that it's
a person from my community and that I
send them and that I don't.  No, this is a
person who can't stand me or couldn't
stand me.  Look, these are your people.
Okay, well, first we're going to listen to a
space that's from yesterday, I think, and then
we're going to listen to today's.  Okay.  I've already
said it, I've said it on Twitter,
that has no justification.
mess with her, but don't mess with a
pain.  Don't mess with pain, especially
since it was so tragic,
right?  So don't mess with that
pain.  And then what I said,
let's see, if this was already coming from behind,
okay?  Those attacks were already coming,
eh, go to court and don't say that
outrageous thing and on top of that use the
gag law because you're a channel and
people have an opinion about what you've said.
There it is.  It's a public channel, okay?
Hey, so people are commenting on
the barbarity.  Who are you to
censor?  You can't go around criticizing
all the people who have made you look
bad.  That's an outrage, that has to be
exposed, and no matter how much
you try to take that down, it's there,
and you can't go around with the gag law
on people. You can't because that has to be
denounced, that practice has to be
denounced.  So that
barbarity to me, I mean,
justice has not been done, but
another kind of justice has been done and you deserve it.
Divine justice.  Mother, forgive me.  I mean,
God has been fair with that.  Seriously, I
mean, it's a little bit too much for us, it's a
little bit too much for us and it takes a long time.
Perfect.  Having filed a complaint at the time
, the complaint and that's it and that's the
end of it.  But you mess with her,
she can defend herself, but not with her
daughter.  Look, insult her if
you want, use something else, I don't care,
but there's no
defense for that.  I honestly felt
shocked because there are things that shouldn't be
said, but I don't understand
these people being shocked when we've been
seeing it for a while, that is,
since day one.  In a frame, but in a
frame what?  But Juanjo is capable of
uniting and getting along with a person who
goes to the Twitter of a girl who
just took her own life and tells her
karma because she had a fight with her boyfriend,
because she has a conflict with her boyfriend.
Who talks to a Joan Plana?
Who talks to a Joan Plana?  Well,
Juanjo, the lady, the other one, the other one.
My greatest supporter is gossip.  There are no
bad words to describe this
guy wearing a peaked cap, not censorship.
This character's perandis ways have to end, right?  Hey,
the woman has enough to hurt him more, right?  As if you already
monetized their pain in their day to
end up like you did and
now I read that I have read.  Apparently he
did a live show about that mother's pain
.  H did it with her, he
interviewed her,
okay?  And he did it with her and that's where it
all started because there were
misunderstandings, right?  But from there to
monetizing again with that
pain, that's it. But do you think that Samuel
was prepared to want to interview
a day when that had happened, a day that had
happened to his daughter, he
took advantage of that pain and that's it.
Whatever he says, he puts up a picture with her
because you force her to take a picture.
On top of that, he asks her to smile.  Gentleman with a
cap, be careful what you wish for your
neighbor, yours will come.  No, man,
Alberto, but don't say those things.  They
seem strong to me, even if it's for
him, eh, that thing I don't thank you for the
super chat.  Thank you very much, Alberto.
By the way, we're nine short of
50. No, but what a
[ __ ] she is.  He's going to start smiling.
But you're stupid, Juanito.  Juanito,
but what's going on in your head,
Juanito?  The pizzas they bring you
aren't very good.  So that he would
have a good memory, he says.
So that he would have a good memory.
Shame.
a good memory of your daughter.  Seriously,
I say.  That's what I say.  Seriously, he must have
spent the whole day complaining because it was
trending on
Twitter, everyone posted it and you
can't control everything and
everything that everyone says and he's been up
all night looking for it.
And what of course.  And what you have to
do is have the balls to
sit up front and apologize like he
did.  Exact.  She
apologized.  She apologized
because what she said about her mother was not right
.  Perfect.  And look at it.  And there it
is.  And he asked him, but he is not very
cowardly.  What is clear is that, eh, eh,
censorship is for others
and you can't say he can say whatever he
wants, act however he
wants.  crushing a mother who is
suffering for the rest of her
life and the rest of us cannot have an opinion.  That
's what it is.  If you like it, fine, and if you don't, fine
too.  The victim is.  Well, eh, the
victim stops being a victim until the
executioner.  So, what you can't
do is say outrageous things and cover up
your outrageous things, and what people have
done is bring out their shame, and that's an issue, they do
n't even bring out their
shame, I mean, they don't even
tell him things about the past or things
from here, from there, I mean, what they
're telling him is the comment he
made to Sor.  What happened was that some
people posted it on Twitter and
then he started with the filth
of the strikes.  censor, man, you don't have the
power here about what can be talked about and
what can't, man.  If we even share
clicks from the TV, how are you going to decide
that your clicks aren't posted?  Man,
no, please, if we even put on
TV C all day, you know?  So,
as she started throwing out clips of
people's, people got even angrier
and went viral.  That's what needs to be
brought out to report.  Just like he
said, we have to take out everything
Tele 5 says to denounce that content.
Well, with you, that content should be
publicly denounced because you're not going to be any
less.
What you said is an outrage, a
[ __ ] outrage.  And I, as a mother,
as a loving mother, couldn't get in,
okay?  When I was in a Friday,
I was at my birthday party with my daughter
and I wasn't home.  He insisted and I told him I
couldn't, especially when you're with
people, okay?  But then if he comes in the
next day I have a scoop and that Vita
did it wrong, very wrong, very wrong, very wrong,
very wrong because of what happened.  I did it wrong
, I mean, I give an opinion on something
I didn't even expect, one day you
called me for something like the
pisuerga passing through Valladoliz, you
ask me about Py and I give my
opinion, I'm free to give my opinion.  and
in the way I want to
give my opinion.  Also, Marichu, I'm there
that day and if I'm wrong, Marichu tells me she's
wrong that same day.
Hey Sister, you won't complain, you
only have to support a little man like that.
You won't complain, eh? Sor,
they're showing you some nice things today, huh?  We're
preparing a live broadcast for Thursday
on the main channel that you're going to
love, man.  Hours ago, there were hours
of difference, we put the same thing to him that
was wrong by private message telling him to
stop because he was wrong.
True or false, Marichu?  So, if
we're already telling you, stop
insisting.  Okay, no.  He had to
give his stab and go on and on and
on.  He asked me
that question that caught me by surprise, but I
gave the same opinion.  They saw it
as a defense and threw, well,
the whole chat insulting me was consolation too.  Let's
see if we can get to 50, which we are going to get to.   There are
eight super chats left, we've seen
everything now.  The consolation thing with Ana Rosa this
afternoon, the thing with Amador and his sugar mommies.
The thing about
Jos Alcaide has also appeared,
right?  Don't remember that, okay?  And
because we were also expressing our
opinion on Twitter, we were insulted,
okay?  And we went, we went, and the last time
I wanted to enter the channel that didn't
let me, that invited us to open the
Greek doors, I was like, eh, your orders, your
wishes are my orders, and you didn't like
what was said in Greek doors.  Okay,
so,
hm, you can't come along months later and
say I was wrong.  Where did
I go wrong?  In what?  The one who made the
mistake was the one who started harassing us
all and
me in your chat.  Well, what he did was what he
did yesterday, the same operation he
did yesterday.  Clear.  And remember, and I am a
witness, I will say it openly,
that I entered a call and
that call was silenced.  Nobody heard that
call.  Thanks, Tesa, beautiful.  Nobody.   He
listened to that call publicly,
silenced me, and says I did things
wrong.  If you have a habit of silencing
people because they
disagree with you, you have a serious problem.  Very
serious.  Of course you have.  And even more so if
we dedicate ourselves to what we do.  And even
more so if we dedicate ourselves to what we do.
And this page has already been from today, okay?   We've
been following along on Twitter, you on your
side, me on mine, okay?  But what a
coincidence that I haven't
bothered you at all, it's just that now you
're joining your enemies.  That?  This
is totally crazy, huh?  And crazy.
Okay.  To go against Javi too,
huh?  Everything must be said.  To go
against Javi.  February 14th, Valentine's Day
.  Uh, I get a call.   There's
no sleeping today.  Come on, there are
six left.  A kiss.  Thank you, Isuca.
Thank you very much, queen.  You already said that yesterday
, because she told me
one thing in the audio and then it's contrary to another.
No, no, it is not contrary.  The one who goes
against it is you.  And on February 14th, you
called me to
ask me about someone you
loved, just like you do with Troy and someone
else, okay?  To get you
all together there, eh, all the rubbish,
eh, all together there, eh?  What would
a person who has
been investigating you do?
I'm going to the bathroom for a second to pee.  I'm going to the
bathroom for a second to pee.  How
is this?  Wait.  Nothing surprises me about Juanjus
.  The one who left me with
my mouth open is the Trojan.  How
evil he is.  I mean, just imagine how
even the people who couldn't
see me.  How good is this, huh?  I mean, this
is really good, this gossip, huh?  I mean,
people couldn't see me, okay?
So, this is enough to prevent him from
saying, "No, it's because you send them AI, that
[ __ ] shitty excuse, you can change it now
."  Okay, he's being criticized for
the trash of the people he
's rhyming with, the people he's
hanging out with, okay?
What he's telling her is, "No, no, you were contacting me to ask me about a person that he wanted, I mean, I don't know who it is, who do you think it is, I mean, he was looking for another collaborator to put himself there against Javi, in
which he really against Javi, I mean, and it's another
person that has messed with him."  I
think of that idiot who goes around
saying that FJ wants to sue
me and I think of the fake prosecutor.  I don't know
which of the two it will be.  I don't know if you can
think of any other people.  I mean, and people
are not stupid.  Look, Vita
Dinamita herself said, "Well, I'm
defending you to a certain extent, of course,
but I'm seeing that you
're hanging around with people out of hatred for
Javi. You're messing with people who
have done things to you, right? Grandpa
Javier Olivera was right. A kiss, give
a kiss. Some gossip we have here
today, huh? A person who has laughed at
your wife, a person who has laughed at
your son. What... Now you're going to collaborate with
her on her YouTube channel. Of course,
now she's going to look for her out of hatred for Javi. It doesn't
matter, she's messed with the son, it doesn't
matter. And if she has to take whoever it is.
We're all right in the head. That
person promoted the no condolences to your mother
and now you want to collaborate with her.
Who is it? We're crazy. Of course, you've been
left alone on YouTube and since you've been
left alone and on Twitter he's also been
left alone, huh? Look, he has his
own people, he has the  His people are Planas,
Tania, he has his own, the ones who are
like them. You have to go collecting
all the
garbage, eh, the worst channels there where
you hang out with them.  Instead of
hanging out with intelligent people who
contribute to you, who fulfill you, who fill you up, with
crap.  There, come on, let's go there and
talk [ __ ].  This, what is it?  And you
called me, I picked up the phone because
you are a polite person.  They talk about
CIS and you told me that question.  I haven't
bothered you again since
February 14th.  What a coincidence that
Amador appeared on television at the beginning of March,
which I didn't find out about because it was my birthday,
anyway.  And the day Amador shows up,
you go live on a Friday to
support Amador.  It was my birthday and I
wanted to go live.  I wasn't going to go
live because I was celebrating
with my family.  Peppa.  You insisted,
you insisted, you insisted.  No, on
February 14th it won't be Peppa, it has to be
someone else.  The other day with Peppa he
collaborated before.  February 14th has to
be someone he has no
contact with.  There will be very little people like that.
Instead of saying, "Hi, good evening,
how are you? Hey, how are you? Hey, how are you
? Hey, no, no, no. You come, you
say, "Hey, can I call you so you can
say something
live and I didn't come in because I was doing
other things?
I'm told to go to bed
earlier, and you deleted the message, but of course,
you want me to join your live stream, and a
few days laterI'm sick of saying it on
TwitterI find out everything.  I won't
say it, but I find out everything.  They
send me an excerpt where you're
putting me down.  So, uh,
you should know that Evita and I have made
peace.  I haven't made peace with you, and
I'm not going to make you monetize
peace on your channel when you can
call me on the phone and we can talk about it
calmly without the
whole world having to find out.  Okay, for you to
monetize.  I don't like you, but it's not
monetizing.  He has, like, the need
to feel that in the past,
everyone messed with him or
criticized him and all that stuff, right?  It's
true that many people criticized him
for jumping on my bandwagon, for
jumping on my bandwagon and gaining
my community and things like that, right?  But then, eh,
Arael thinks that he believed now with this little
group that is pretending that it
was the opposite, right?  That he was going to be a
gang of channels against me.  Look, I'm
making peace with everyone, I don't
know what.  And he doesn't like it, he's not
interested in it being seen that he's fighting with
Evita, that he's fighting like crazy with
Olga Moreno's sister, damn it.  And I think he
also had a fight with that Cris.  That
Cris who was also one of
hers who went to Amador's house, that Cris
from Jer who messed
with me, the girl even called me abusive
.  Um, of course, and that's the story,
he's hit a stick now, an
incredible serve because he thought it was
going to be a backhand and it's like,
my son, those of you who
talk to, Ju, those of you who are making
punches, I love that they're by your
side, you know?  I mean, damn, there are three left
for the challenge.  What a barbarity, what a
barbarity.  I'm not going to feed you,
okay?  Hey, you're looking for life.  Hey, I haven't
made peace with you.  You called me
about something on February 14th and that's the end of
the story.  It's just that with Pepa, I haven't
made peace with you.  I don't.  He
was with Peppa before, and when she comes back, we'll
clarify the issue on the live stream because
she was the culprit.  Novi, everything happened
because she was the culprit.  I mean,
where they have to go Tesa, but a kiss.
Thank you so much.  But there are only two
more left, man.  Only two more missing.
We haven't eaten this yet, have we?
We haven't eaten today's challenge.  You, family, what
madness, huh?  Crazy today, huh?  I was
the one to blame for a guy in your chat
insulting me for giving an opinion.  I mean, I
told you, tell that guy in the chat to
insult me, but we're all right in the
head.  That is, that's all.  So,
as long as there are people with h who have
said it very well FJ, as long as there are people
who defend him and give him that, there is one left, do not
give him the goal, good king of gossip.  There's
one left.  Don't give it, don't give it.  Now
we're going to stick with 49. Don't
give it to him, don't give it to him, we're going to stick with 49.
The pill and don't make him see that he's made a
mistake, he'll continue with the same
practice.  I think, I think it is avoided and
by the way, to whoever wants to talk.  It was Evita
who just spoke, I think.  Pepa with
Peppa, man.
such, but well, I found out.
Thank you.  Who are you?  Oh, Tica, thanks,
beautiful.  Well, I'm Fer, I mean, me,
what does Fer do, what does she do?  What is
gossip doing?  Look at the chestnut.  Oh,
tomorrow I'm going to make
her laugh at what Fer has gotten herself into.
But what does it do?  But
why?  Hey, Fer is about to be a mom,
huh?  F is about to.  I was talking
to her, I think it was last week,
on the phone, right?  If it was Tuesday,
Wednesday, something like that.  He's a
jerk, man.  He got in there.  Ole.
50. Challenge overcome.  Challenge overcome, my
people.  Look, Juan Jos, the boss.  Never.
We're going for it all.  Javi, face.  With hands
embrace overcome.  Completely surpassed.
We've been through it with Bueno, we've
overcome it.  We've been through it.  Thanks
everyone, huh?  Thanks to all.
Thank you all very much.  Thanks a lot.
Well, Fer, why did she get in
there?  Hey, I know Javi and all, but
anyway, I heard about all this
Carmen stuff, kiss.  Avoid dynamite.  It's
making it dynamic.  Dynamiting, dynamiting.
Carmen, you were wrong.  A kiss.
Thank you so much.  Chayo and Rosa Benito
told him not to talk about them.  Chavo,
Rosenito, you have nothing to do with this channel.
We have to see it from Ana Rosa now.  Hey,
this horrible thing about Juanjo and what he's
done to Sorcotilla these days and yesterday
I saw Juanjo's live show, okay?  For the
first time.  I had never seen
this man perform live, and I
don't normally participate in these things, but I was
surprised.  I've never seen anything like this
on the internet, huh?  And I
tell you so.  I'm still in shock.  Yes,
Jos Luis, but I've done it before, you're
still listening.  He greeted
Sorcotilla's late daughter as the problem
throughout the entire broadcast, and even
mentioned Sorcotilla's grandchildren as the little problems.  What
the [ __ ].  That happened.  Man, if
Fer told her, I literally believe him,
because Fer, eh, is a girl who has
a lot of judgment and, well, she
understands things just like we do.
Holy [ __ ], that's what he did, I can't believe it.
Well, yes, I can believe it, but he
referred to Sor's daughter as the
problem and the grandchildren as the
little problems, man.  With which he messed up because he
called him croquette Who was it?  Javi,
right?  That he put a little something extra on it.  Because he
called the woman a croquette.  Yes, Javi, that's
true.  God, there's no limit,
eh, for these people, eh?  There's no
limit to evil, man.  What are you saying?  What are
you saying?  That was blowing my
mind.  He was implying that they knew
a lot of private things about
the deceased girl's life and that he had the
evidence, threatening to release it
at some point.  It's not that
I was freaking out there.  I don't know if he was
threatening, but the other day he said
that if I gave him permission and oh, she's a little bit
sniffy and I said welcome,
you can say whatever you want, she doesn't
hear anything, but that didn't increase it any
more, I don't think so, but of course, that
belongs to the private sphere of a
deceased, even that's a little bit sniffy, no matter how
much you give him permission for those
things, that guy can't go through
life like that, I mean, this man who goes around saying that he had
people there, he
called people just to get them to
agree with him, to tell him what a good person he
is.  Yes, yes, it does that, huh?  I mean,
his live show is him staring
blankly at the camera, and then when he's finally
letting loose with his whole line of lies, he picks up
the phone and acts like that so people come in
to agree with him, to tell him he's
good, so he feels convinced.
That seemed shameful to me,
even bringing out his brother to tell him what a
good brother he was, how much he
loves him.  I have never seen that in my
life.  Also, he is such an
insecure person, and such a coward.  Yes, it is very
unsafe.  Yes. And he has a lot of complex.
Lupfer is such an idea, come on, I don't want to
say worse things, but eh, I
've never seen anything like this
live with this guy and it makes me feel so sorry for
him.  It's true, he called them the little problems
these days.  I didn't know about
the little problems, you haven't
told me all night.  He called it the little
problems.  How strong.  Ah, it must
be horrible, really.  And I'm
so sorry and I'm sending you lots of encouragement, that's what I
wanted to say.  That's it.  Thank you.  That?
What was the side.  Ah, well, Auri, what do I
know, daughter.  Auri, about what you
're telling me, what can I tell you
about it, daughter?  It was a terrible thing to
hear the outrageous things this
guy said, but what happened yesterday has happened, what happened
yesterday has happened, it has been surpassed.  Yes, it was
possible, yes, I know, yes, it was possible, because
the other day mine fell into the mud, but
I thought that further down, lower floors
, you couldn't go because it's already
ground, right?  Well, it's made a hole in
the ground from my point of view.  It has
made a hole in the ground and has
gone down several floors further.  The
exposition he made yesterday lied about everything he
wanted and more.  He wanted to turn it around
on Juanjo, "You've shot yourself
in the foot so hard that neither you nor
the people around you
are aware of the shot you've just
shot yourself."  Completely.  Everything has gone
wrong for him.  Awesome.  It's that the word
search in visionary and not me, so I might have to
read more to search because it doesn't
come up incredible.  It's like he'd
taken, it's like he'd put a
stretcher, taken Sorcotilla, no idea,
put her on the stretcher, opened her
stomach and took out her guts.  That's what he
did yesterday with the
sponsorship, uh, with the affection,
let's say, of all of them, uh, of the ones I'm
not going to say all of them because, let's see,
pluralizing is very broad, but of
the people who spoke, at least,
uh, and the people who in the chat
were applauding such an outrage
that he was doing and cheering on what he was
doing.  Do you think it's pretty?
Does this seem okay to you?  No longer, I am no longer going
to be mothers, grandmothers, sisters,
cousins and distant relatives.  I, human, am now
going to the human figure.  Hey, do you
think those people are human that I'm not going anymore?
If the other day I also heard
Sorcotilla also within after
having heard the atrocities that
this man said, well, the suddenness that
came out of Sorcotilla.  But the
difference with you, Juanjo, is
that Sorcotilla backed down and admitted that
Iki acted wrongly.  Because?  Because when it comes to
acting, Sorcotilla
said, "Hey, yesterday I got angry and said this,
which is wrong because I felt very
hurt and I wanted to do the same damage to him that
he did to me. I shouldn't have
sunk to that level."  And he still comes out
at night and says no, that he didn't
say that, that's what he told
the audiences, and he apologizes if
people misunderstood him.  Est, no,
family, it seems to us a
tremendous outrage.  Under the influence of
envy and anger, all you end up with
is [ __ ].  What happened to you?
Instead, Sorcotilla backtracked and acknowledged
that what he had just
said was wrong and apologized.  And
you didn't, your opportunity was yesterday and all you
did was instead of
saying, "Hey, look, I got a little carried away with
the subject and hey, I got angry."
When you're angry, there are people who
respond very badly when they're angry, and you're
left looking like a gentleman.  There would have been people who
would have believed you, other people,
well, more credible, less credible, but
what you did yesterday was take, well,
finish finishing the matter and
on top of that, wanting to continue saying you were happy,
I know all your faces.  One of the
lies that I remember perfectly and I'm
going to correct you, the day of
Sor's misfortune you told it, you did
a live broadcast at night, I was in that
live broadcast.  The part that I remember
very clearly is the issue of the photos, eh,
that you were all that, all that
story that you told that I should
remember, but what I remember
perfectly is that you said that you
went to Sor, eh?  and what did you tell him
to take a photo, and then,
well, for your, for that thing you put up
pretty, posters, which I don't know what they're
called, those posters with which you
later announce the live shows, eh, to
put up later, to put up there and then
do the interview.  That's what you
said and you yourself said that well,
we took, uh, we took a photo and it didn't
come out well, I remember it
perfectly.  It didn't turn out well because the
woman had a face like that, it didn't turn out
well and for the photo to later put
on the sign and I told her, let's take
another one.  And you lied about that.  That's what I
remember perfectly what I
said at the time when I was listening.  The thing is
that at that time I was still
making up a lot of what I heard from you,
right?  At that time you were still
wearing a lot of makeup, right?  And I said, at the
time of listening to that live show, I said,
"But a mother who has just had
a person killed, who just said
what they just said to this woman,
what I don't know is how she's standing. Come on,
if the circus passes by there and they tell her
that they're going to pick her up so they can do a
circus with them, the woman
leaves because I don't think she should
be self-possessed, she shouldn't
have her head on straight, like balls,
like, like a wooden box. And those of you who
are listening and cheering last night,
you saw it all well, you saw
how he got it and the data he got, that
you could perfectly understand what you were
saying, how has a perfect girl said it before
? The people who listen to him, I
mean, but really Warlock, kiss.
Really yesterday he, well, yesterday or yesterday,
when was his live show? Yesterday, no.
He really reached 2000 and some
people, right? He reached  2,400
viewers, which is like 1,000 more than he
usually has, and I imagine they
were locals, people who
like to gossip, but
there were people who were supporting him,
because I saw that there were even people
sending him super chats.  So, what
's on your mind?  Do you
agree with these kinds of
comments being made?  I mean, I would love it if
someone could call me from someone who's
watching the live stream
, they could call me, there's the phone number, okay?   He
can call me, but to defend
his position.  I would love to hear
that opinion.  Being a mother, this is not
done.  It's a very low blow.  Exactly,
Jasmine.  I'm telling you, I'm telling you what he
said, I don't remember his name.
I'm a disaster with names.  Hey, how did he
say that problem he had and the
two little problems and in the morning you had
spoken with him to
refresh your memory?  We knew
perfectly well that you understood
who you would talk to in the morning to
refresh your memory and that it was necessary for me to
tell you more things.  You can be
lower, you can be more vile.  And they
cheer you on for that, huh?  We're no longer talking
about you calling me stupid and me
calling you an [ __ ] and that's
it.  They're fights between two people,
eh, that we can fix or we can't
fix and you go your way and I go mine.
We're talking about some intimacies,
eh, we're talking about some misfortunes
and internal problems in a house
that you don't have to, who the [ __ ] are you
to bring out, eh, to bring out in front of 2000-
odd people that you had listening to you last night
, who the [ __ ] are you?
You are a person, you cannot be called a
person, it is what you are.  And I'm not,
look, you left me with so little desire to
follow anyone that I stopped following everything
when I knew I was following everyone.  I'm not
even following.  To this day, I have
n't followed Sor or anything, but
out of empathy, but out of empathy,
please.  How can you do it and how
can you say what you were saying
yesterday and everyone was gasping at you?  I'm
amazed, I say, but
the human being is so miserable, he can reach such low levels
and even more so, pounding.
Wait, Sister, you still don't have
any guts left to spill more and
more [ __ ] than your truth or lie, that
I neither get involved nor enter nor leave,
but that you give that information that you
think you are Jesus Christ superstar
to say on air, eh, in front of 2800
people the barbarities that you said
in front of a mother who just lost a
daughter, that if she didn't love her, that if she
stopped loving her, but who the [ __ ]
are you, everything she
said yesterday is still very strong.  I don't know to
what extent that can be reported, because
many times even though we are
shocked, there are things that we may find
ugly and so on, but
not in court.  So, Sorcotilla
is already talking to a lawyer and he
's looking at it and then based on that I
imagine that when the lawyer sees
everything he'll decide, but what I do think is that it
's despicable, right?  At the very least, whether it is
reportable or not.  Who the [ __ ] are you?   It
's really mind-blowing.  And that and the most
amazing thing is that there are people who follow you.  Because
for me, the fights, I've experienced the fights
you've had with Javier Oliveira, and
I had no idea about the idea and I
don't get into fights just because, because
I'm a person who doesn't like
conflicts, I don't like fights, I don't
like back and forth and I
run away from it and I flee from it.
Who's speaking, Mar?  And to me, well, you
call me stupid, I call you stupid.
Well, okay, well, fine, but what
you did this weekend and what
you did yesterday is beyond words.   It's just
that it doesn't have a name.  I warned him.  I
warned you many years ago.  I warned him.  You
jumped on me.  Oh, but you
jumped on me.  Also, knowing that you
were putting makeup on him.  What did you
just say there?  I warned him.  People,
I invite these people who listen to you to
listen to your live shows, but
in slow motion, eh, instead of
fast, right?  In slow motion.  And every
sentence you're saying, eh, I
did that exercise myself, eh, it
's not something I'm saying, it's
something outrageous, that I'm not doing it
for myself.  In slow motion and analyze the
phrases you are saying and see.  And
then each person can draw up their own
analysis.  Eh, I would invite more than one
person, I would say, hm, damn, I'm not one for
saying words, eh, I'm not one for saying
rude words, but the thing is that I
think that the people who have their
audience in their chat, I think they're not
listening to the live shows because
many times maybe when I've seen
something of his in the chat they're talking about something
else and they don't realize the
things he says because he takes and says
things and then says that he didn't
say them.  It's like Roco Flores, man.
You see how clumsy he is too, huh?
Because he starts messing with Evita and what he
has caused is this Space.  What
has caused this is this Space.  Damn, don't
mess with Evita, man.  Well, he
messes with Evita, huh?  Just think when he
made a pact with me not to
mention that I had
removed all of his videos.  Come on, I
still have the videos of the removed one.  That
is, the only one I put was the game over
because I'll see if I put any of the others
or not.  But, damn, you know I have everything
in the videos where I leave you
exposed.  What the [ __ ] are you doing with your
obsession, messing with me and commenting on
all my things when I'm not
mentioning you?  Well, he
kept mentioning me and if I was
saying anything about Joan Plana, he would mention
Johan Plana.  And now he was leaving and
collaborating with Tania and now he was
collaborating with Pepa, with everyone
I was leaving like, man, you're terrible with me, you
're terrible, damn.  Well, you don't have a
pact with me in which I'm not
mentioning you and you have some pieces
of videos that I had about you and you
have removed them from YouTube.  What the [ __ ] are
you doing?  And nothing, and nothing, it's just that really,
the more times I have a bad memory.
So, that's why I have to listen to
things several times.  The more
you listen to them, the angrier I get, the more pissed off I get, the more
I think you have to get another game
over.  The game over he has is good.
And I
recommend that now that
all this is happening, you review it, okay?
You have the game over in game over Juanjo,
look for it, okay?  For those of you who
haven't seen it, who are new, look it up.
Game over Juanjo, look for it because
everything is perfectly compiled there.  It
takes an hour, okay?  Look for it because
everything is well documented there.  Look at
this video that he had removed, huh?   I
removed it at the time.  Well, since he
couldn't handle the obsession,
the green is public again. It's incredible that
people like that exist.  Ah, right, cutie, I
'm convinced, you see,
because I don't know, because
nature has to pull forward, it
has to, I mean, the truth and the healthy
have to be able, don't bother me, the
healthy have to be able.  I'm
convinced, Juanjo, that you've
shot yourself in the foot
, because this isn't even half
normal, not even half normal.  He has achieved
the opposite of what he wanted.  What data?  What
good is it to us?  What good is it to all the
ears that were listening last night?
All that [ __ ] you spouted out of that
mouth, huh?  And all that [ __ ] that
the people around
you spouted.  What's the point?  What did you want to
do?  Because if you wanted to turn it around
and play the victim, you're really
good at it, really good at it, do
you think you are?  But no, but no,
I'm telling you no.  If you wanted to play
the victim, you haven't succeeded.  Eh,
quite the opposite.  Hallucinatory.
Think about it.  Hm.  Hey, if you have a minimum, a
minimum, I don't know, a minimum of
thinking that's a little bit clear, if I were you I'd
go away for a while
to meditate, I don't know, oh, go meditate for
a while, reposition your
chakras because I think you have them very
mixed up and if you want to come back, come back,
but Perla, well I'm talking to
Luarez, damn, I'm going to be serious, send me a
kiss, Javi.  A kiss, a kiss, gorgeous.
That's it, I'm talking to Luares, but we don't
find much of a topic.  We haven't found
much of a topic at the moment, so it
will depend on
that.  Hey, I have to give Marichu a round of applause for her
presentation.  Completely.
Hey, Marichu was, well, absolutely
right.  Yesterday you shot yourself in the
foot, okay?  Hey, Marichu finished finishing it off yesterday
, I mean, if she hit it the other day
, she finished it off yesterday.  Okay, eh, not
everything is justifiable.  It's true, the
people who collaborated on your channel
applauded those actions, it says a lot
about those people and you've made a
speech for reflection, Maricho, without realizing it
, maybe, okay?  But
you have given a speech that reflects on the fact that
not everything is worth it just to have an audience, not
everything is worth it.  And like I told him,
take a moment to introspect and see
where you're screwing up, because it
's not normal that half of Twitter and more than
half of it jump on you, okay?  Because they
're people who don't even follow you,
people who don't even listen to your
channel, and people who joined out of empathy for
that person.  I mean, take it as an
act of reflection on what I'm doing
wrong.  I told him that.  Do some
introspection and please see where
pride is going to play another trick on you.
His arrogance.  Of course, it's
pride that makes him screw up and that
makes him not apologize, right?  Well, trust
me, this is what the
client is doing.
Point number one, if you don't share the clip
with Lili, it won't go viral because people
won't start re-uploading it.  And point number
two, the next day he comes out and says,
"Holy crap, I was wrong with that
comment."  And that's it.  And it stays there.
But of course, it's that he can't be clear, it's that
for him it must be like recognizing in
some way that the clear, because
the things that I have said about him,
right?  I don't know.  Of course, because if you're
making a mistake about something and someone comes to you and
says, "Hey, not that way."  H or change your
words or don't say it that way or
try, okay?  And he continues because I
believe he is convinced that he is, and
pardon the expression, the [ __ ] boss and
that he can allow himself whatever he wants
.  So, they've raised it so high
and I'm getting involved, eh, I also
blame myself, eh, we've raised it so
high, there it is, I include myself, okay?
That he believes himself to be a god above
everyone and that I'm not wrong,
as Marichu rightly said, if he
was wrong the other day, yesterday he was wrong again,
okay?  So, those apologies that you
've read, okay?  that you have
transcribed them.  It doesn't work for me in FJ because
that's not an excuse, that's an
excuse.  It's an excuse.  Exact.
Completely.  Ah, well, of course that
's not an apology, but she's not
apologizing, she's shifting the
blame onto the people who
misunderstood her.  In the end, he was
forced into another necessary live show, where
in the end, this last excuse was
the one he came up with because Peppa's excuse was no longer valid
.  I mean, everyone
interpreted those words as, No,
no, no, but Peppa came up with one
excuse and he came up with a different one, I mean, they
're not even the same, but apart from that, they don't
match the statement he made
the next day, okay?  And then their
tactic is always a hate campaign
against me, my hospital, my I don't know who, my I do
n't know how much.  Ah, they don't buy it anymore
for what it really was.
Divine justice has absolutely
nothing to do with numbers.  Exactly.
Uh, I don't know, uh, I think that as
Vita says, you have to do some work there
at an internal level and know how to see things.
Clear.  Hey, if you FJ are making a mistake
about something and people come to you and say, "J, FJ,
not that way."  Well, you'll stop for a
moment and say, "Where am I
screwing up?"  And we all do that.  So,
this is where I failed, okay?  What you ca
n't do is sacrifice yourself day in and day out
because you think you're the [ __ ] master
that you even think you own
YouTube.  Yesterday I said, "It's that my channel is
white, it's that my channel doesn't have I don't know
what, it's that my channel, eh, gosh,
listen to some live streams that are
really embarrassing, really
embarrassing. So, there are things that can't be
defended and you have to make a
value judgment and you have to take it and
say, I'm making a mistake here."  And
truly ask for forgiveness.  Just like Sor
opened her channel and sincerely and honorably
apologized.  That's it.  If nothing happens
, if you're not less for apologizing
above all for an impulse of
barbarity that and we have a bit
more delay left than well, let's see, I don't really know
what happened with the
S issue because I stopped listening to Juanjo as a
result of what happened with Evita.  Don't
call him and with Cris because it seemed very
unfair to me that you have people who
help you rise, who help you, who give you
advice, who are true friends and
when you are at the top you get rid of people, it is
not very clear why, if it was due to ego
or because they were bad, because of bad influences or I don't
really understand why.  With Sor, what she
said is horrible because we all
know that Sor lost her daughter, eh, that
her daughter had problems and that Sor has had a
very bad time like any mother who
loses a child.  That's the most painful thing
that can happen to you because losing a
father or a mother is a fact of life,
but losing a child is never something you get over.
That's how it is.  That hurts for life.  Going there
requires a bad temper, not to
mention something even worse.  Well, that
shows the type of person and I don't
understand why Sor was also on his
channel.  Eh, she was also one of those who
collaborated, one of those who helped him get
the channel up and running.  If I remember correctly, I've
seen Sor collaborate a lot of
times.  Yes. Just like Vita, just like
Cristina, just like many people who
were there working hard for him, and now
this guy, why?  I was like Marichu,
no more, right?  Because I believed the story
that he was poor, that poor thing, they
were crushing his life.  At the
time it was like that and they crushed his life,
but he is crushing other people.
So, you haven't learned anything, quite
the opposite.  And that's what
I think, that YouTube is becoming
a site that, well, has been
quite aggressive for a long time now, where people
are there to make money and that
anything goes to make money.  And well,
social media is becoming
a place where you have a bad time instead of a
good time.  So, I don't understand.  That's what I
think.  There are people who
have even left their well-paid
and prestigious jobs to be
100% dedicated to their YouTube channel.  Then
a lot of money moves around and that's the issue.  That he
's ruining everything he's achieved.
Likely.  I think that in reality all
this fame is a bit too much for him.  That's
it.  And then also Yes, yes he comes
no he is not ready for this.
We have talked about this for many years.   I
mean, a person, can you imagine a
Jorge Javier taking down every clip they
put up about him and, like, and paying for the
whole night, eh, taking down Twitter accounts
because they put up a click where he said
something bad?  That's pathetic.  Aren't you
ready for this, man?
I forgot to say, forgive.  And then
also, I mean, it doesn't seem like much to him to
rip out a person's guts, but he
makes money from it.  So, the
business is profitable according to their accounts.   Of
course, the business is profitable, and it seems I
'm seeing that not only are they
making money, but it's also
profitable for him, but he has a
group of friends there who laugh at the
joke, the idea, and are doing
exactly the same thing.  On account of
Sor, there are live shows, I mean, you
can be more miserable.  And I
certainly don't understand that there are
people of that caliber, so
miserable that you can dismantle
a person and still make a
profit.  I
certainly don't understand that a person could
be so miserable.  Tell me, tell me.
Worse than these rooms, the ones in
the chat room, on top of which they give you super chat over a
topic talking about the
death of someone's daughter
.  I still think that's super
chat, donations, bit, all that stuff.
To all those people, to all those people, what
could you contribute or what did you put on the
table?  What dessert did you put on the table
when you finished dinner?  Whether
this gentleman gave the information he did, whether it was
true or false, doesn't matter to me at
all because it's a person's private life
and a person's great misfortune
.  Hey, what did it mean to all those
people at dessert, at
dessert time, that you spilled all that
nonsense about de Sorcotilla's private life
?  What did
all that information you gave them contribute to all of them?  It
really didn't bring me anything.  if he got along,
if he didn't get along, if he had spoken with
a person, if there were two
people, if he wasn't there at that moment,
if he stopped being there, all those things at
dessert time that he brought to all those
people, because of course I think that the
only thing he brought was a lot of
personal misery, eh, as a person, a lot of
misery, very miserable.  And a and a and a
collaborator that she has with her, I uh
couldn't hear her uh at that moment, I
couldn't hear her because I lost
coverage and I didn't hear, I only heard uh
how she called her, the nickname she
called Sorcotilla.  Man, maybe we
should look a little
inward, huh?  Maybe because
we might find something there to clean, huh?
We might have to grab a mop and a
bucket of water, eh, maybe.  I mean, I
think I think, but Marichu
got the name from the novel that's
on page one.  It's not a no it's not a
nickname.  That that that word Zagastrosa
got it from the novel of the one.  It's that it
has cultures.  Yes, I don't watch
soap operas.  I don't watch
soap operas.  I take it from the path that is not
public public.  Come on, I know her because she
appears everywhere on the phone,
on video calls.  Come on.  Allow me a
moment, you're anonymous, okay?  Because that's it
.  I don't know if we actually need to
see anything else.
[Music]